Hi within this section we going to see some really cool operations in order to do that.
I'm going to delete everything OK.
So I'm going to start with a fresh new art port so I'm going to have to use over here one the rectangle.
OK so let me give some color to rectangles so that we can see better.
And let me lose the borders because we don't need them.
And I'm going to have another shape over here.
So let me delete that I'm going to have circles so that we would have two different views.
And I'm going to give some color to this circle as well and I'm going to make a difference so that we
can actually see that we have two different objects over here.
So one will be yellow and the other one will be green.
And now I'm going to choose both of them and I'm going to do some operations that we have never seen
before.
So if you come over to right hand side you will see these ads you will see this subtract.
OK.
You will see the Intersect and also exclude overlap.
And these these are actually very literal.
So it will add two views together it will subtract one from the other.
OK.
And we're going to see how we can leverage them and we try to create some views.
For example let me hit on ADD.
And as you can see we added two views together and we actually made a union out of those views together.
So they're together right now.
They're in a union.
And we added them together but actually we get to edit them if we want.
If we double click on them we can see these subcategories over here sub views I mean and I get to change
the position I get to change the view if I want and I can just I hit somewhere out of this frame to
finalize my editing.
So here you go.
That's how you make unions so I'm going to hit the comment Z to undo this and I'm going to just subtract
this time.
So if I click over here as you can see subtracted the part that it intersects with direct signals.
So I get to do this.
So it's it will actually come very handy if you try to cut something out of a shape like that.
OK.
Now let's try to intersect that as you can see we're left with the intersection of the two views.
So it's kind of cool right.
You can just take the intersection like that and let's do the exclude thing as well as you can see that
excluding the overlap and we're left with the other views.
So you can use these operations not.
And right now you can think that yeah we're not going to be designers Why are you showing these details
to us.
But actually it's very convenient to use these methods in order to create some basic views as well.
So this is a real time saver.
And over here we have some alignment buttons as well.
We haven't worked with them before.
So it's an alignment inside of our artwork.
So you can just click over here to make this eyeline centrally top bottom left right center.
Okay.
So for example if I hit two two centers that I place the view on the center middle of the screen over
here.
So that's it for our views for our operations.
We going to see a final operation called masking in the next lecture.